2020.2:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 22)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2020.1.1:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 21)
 * No changes

2020.1:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 21)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2019.2.2:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 20)
 * No changes

2019.2.1:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 20)
 * No changes

2019.2:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 20)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2019.1.3:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 19)
 * No changes

2019.1.2:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 19)
 * No changes

2019.1.1:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 19)
 * No changes

2019.1:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 19)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.3.1:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 18)
 * No changes

2018.3:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 18)
 * General: Product Guide link updated.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.2:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 17)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.1:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 16)
 * General: Update internal register slice instantiation to tie-off unused input clock aclk2x.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.4:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 15)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.3:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 14)
 * Allow Tvalid low cycles to be 0 for Tlast arbitration
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.2:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 13)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.1:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 12)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.4:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 11)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.3:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 10)
 * Source HDL files are concatenated into a single file to speed up synthesis and simulation. No changes required by the user
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.2:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 9)
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.1:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 8)
 * Implemented xpm_cdc libs for concise MTBF/constraints.
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.4.2:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 7)
 * No changes

2015.4.1:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 7)
 * No changes

2015.4:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 7)
 * Change IPXACT logical ports to uppercase
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.3:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 6)
 * IP revision number added to HDL module, library, and include file names, to support designs with both locked and upgraded IP instances
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.2.1:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 5)
 * No changes

2015.2:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 5)
 * No changes

2015.1:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 5)
 * Static routing mode option added.
 * Added new arbiter algorithm: True Round-Robin. This algorithm implements a more accurate round-robin if not all ports are active.
 * The support status for Kintex UltraScale is changed from Pre-Production to Production.

2014.4.1:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 4)
 * No changes

2014.4:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 4)
 * Architecture support updated

2014.3:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 3)
 * No changes

2014.2:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 3)
 * Repackaged with latest IP Packager; no functional changes.

2014.1:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 2)
 * Internal device family name change, no functional changes

2013.4:
 * Version 1.1 (Rev. 1)
 * Kintex UltraScale Pre-Production support
 * Arbitrate on low TVALID cycles is now disabled if Arbitrate on max transfers is 1.  Parameter has no meaning in this configuration.
 * Arbitrate on low TVALID cycles must be greater than one if there are multiple slaves and multiple masters and Arbitrate on max transfers is not 1. This is to prevent deadlock situations.

2013.3:
 * Version 1.1
 * Port s_req_suppress is optional, present when NUM_SI > 1 and NUM_MI == 1
 * Added example design
 * Reduced warnings in synthesis

2013.2:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Architecture support updated

2013.1:
 * Version 1.0
 * Native Vivado Release
 * There have been no functional or interface changes to this IP.  The version number has changed to support unique versioning in Vivado starting with 2013.1.

(c) Copyright 2012 - 2020 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
